FAQ doc: readability, grammar, etc (#266)
openshift/okd: FAQ.md

- [What to do in case of errors?](#what-to-do-in-case-of-errors)
- [Where do I seek support?](#where-do-i-seek-support)

## What are the relations with OCP project? Is OKD4 an upstream of OCP?

In 3.x release time OKD was used as an upstream project for Openshift Container Platform. OKD could be installed on 
Fedora/CentOS/RHEL and used CentOS based images to install the cluster. OCP, however, could be installed only on RHEL and its images were rebuilt to be RHEL-based.

> [Universal Base Image project](https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/introducing-red-hat-universal-base-image) has enabled us to run RHEL-based images on any platform, so the full image rebuild is no longer necessary, allowing OKD4 project to reuse most images from OCP4. There is another critical part of OCP - Red Hat Enterprise Linux CoreOS. Although it's an open source project (since it's essentially RHEL8) it's not a community-driven project. As a result OKD workgroup has 

Reviewer: >Although it's an open source project (since it's essentially RHEL8) it's

While we are here lets rephrase it - `.. its ... its ... its ...`?

Author: reworked.

In 3.x release time OKD was used as an upstream project for Openshift Container Platform. OKD could be installed on 
Fedora/CentOS/RHEL and used CentOS based images to install the cluster. OCP, however, could be installed only on RHEL and its images were rebuilt to be RHEL-based.

> [Universal Base Image project](https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/introducing-red-hat-universal-base-image) has enabled us to run RHEL-based images on any platform, so the full image rebuild is no longer necessary, allowing OKD4 project to reuse most images from OCP4. There is another critical part of OCP - Red Hat Enterprise Linux CoreOS. Although RHCOS is an open source project (much like RHEL8) it's not a community-driven project. As a result, OKD workgroup has 

Reviewer: "much like" is a bit misleading. RHCOS == RHEL8 content.

Lets sort this out later though

oc get co
```

> Check the status of your nodes (upgrades may include an upgrade for Fedora CoreOS):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the status of your nodes (cluster upgrades may include base OS updates):
```
